# Guitar-Hero
CS120B Final Project

My game of Guitar Hero plays a song and displays descending note blocks on a screen that correspond to each note of the song. When these notes reach the bottom of the screen, the player is suppose to hit the correct button and strumming direction. Direction is defined by every two columns of the LED matrix, in which the leftmost columns represent the left arrow. Going from left to right, the next directions are up, down, and right. In my custom project, I use the LED matrix as my screen, a keypad as the button inputs, and a joystick as the strumming device.

Known Bugs and Shortcomings

1.  At the end of the song when the last note is being played, the game would crash and output an unexpected LED row followed by two brief individual LED lights lighting up at the top of the matrix. Afterwards, the wrong score is shown as a result, and when you play the game again, it becomes extremely buggy. I think that the game SM code, specifically the LEDTick() function, is the root cause of the problem. Individually, each other SM code piece works just fine and the LEDTick() works fine as well until it gets to the last note of the song. I believe that the code is somehow executing undefined behavior by either deleting a note beyond the last note played, or trying to access a note beyond the end of the matrix. I will debug this by first scaling down the length of the song. I think trying to debug a longer song will take a longer time to code and a harder time debugging. Instead, I’ll replace the song with a few notes that play very slowly at 2000 ms. Then, I will carefully watch each note as they play when they hit the end of the LED matrix. Once the last note plays, I’ll take into account when the exact error happens and debug from there by placing in code after the last note is played. 
2.  There exists a bug within the LED matrix on startup. Occasionally when you start the game, all the LEDs in the LED matrix will suddenly light up. I think this is because I am not transmitting an initial value into the LED matrix and instead assuming that it will always be off during startup. I will start debugging this issue by simply adding in code that sets all the LEDs in the LED matrix to off at startup.
3.  The LED matrix itself also has a hardware error. Whenever I play a note, or write any data that turns on an LED, random LEDs will be slightly lit up afterwards. I think this is mainly due to the actual LED matrix itself since it does this behavior even in simple cases where I am turning a row or column of LEDs on and off. I will debug this by trying out different LED matrices. 
